index.md, before:

---
layout: index
date: 2016-04-26 21:00
title:  "About - Grayson Kent"
category:
tags:
permalink: /
---
Blog
------
This is a personal blog where I try to write about things I would want to read. I am always happy to hear about new blog ideas, or any way I could improve my posts.

My main topics of interest are Linux, Security, Networking, and Virtualization. Look at my [archive](/archive) for a full list of blog posts.


Professional
-----------------
I currently work as a **Linux Systems Engineer** at [Corporation Services Company](https://www.cscglobal.com/cscglobal/home/) on the UNIX Infrastructure Team.

I also do some consulting work. Usually code review for books or creating technical interview questions. Feel free to email me if you think I would be a good fit for something you are working on. I love to help out on interesting projects any way I can.


Personal
------------
I live in Tallahassee, FL with my girlfriend and our zoo of a house. It is easier to list all our animals:

 - [Swiffer](../assets/images/swiffer.jpg) is a [Yorkipoo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorkipoo) and our craziest dog
 - [Peeps](../assets/images/peeps2.jpeg) is a sweetheart [Cavachon](http://dogs.lovetoknow.com/wiki/Cavachon) dog
 - [Calvin](../assets/images/calvin.jpg) is a very easily frightened Cockatiel
 - [Charlotte](../assets/images/charlotte.jpg) is a ferocious Parakeet
 - [Kiva](../assets/images/kiva.jpg) is a [Green Cheek Conure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green-cheeked_parakeet) who now rules my mother's house
 - Too many fish and shrimp to count

[Here are all the mammals together](../assets/images/family.jpeg)

Hobbies
-----------
I enjoy mountain biking, racquetball & handball, and writing about Linux & Bash minutiae.

Commit message:

Update about page to include Stevie

index.md, after:

---
layout: index
date: 2016-04-26 21:00
title:  "About - Grayson Kent"
category:
tags:
permalink: /
---
Blog
------
This is a personal blog where I try to write about things I would want to read. I am always happy to hear about new blog ideas, or any way I could improve my posts.

My main topics of interest are Linux, Security, Networking, and Virtualization. Look at my [archive](/archive) for a full list of blog posts.


Professional
-----------------
I currently work as a **Linux Systems Engineer** at [Corporation Services Company](https://www.cscglobal.com/cscglobal/home/) on the Unix Infrastructure Team.

I also do some consulting work. Usually code review for books or creating technical interview questions. Feel free to email me if you think I would be a good fit for something you are working on. I love to help out on interesting projects any way I can.


Personal
------------
I live in Tallahassee, FL with my girlfriend and our zoo of a house. It is easier to list all our animals:

 - [Swiffer](../assets/images/swiffer.jpg) is a [Yorkipoo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorkipoo) and our craziest dog
 - [Peeps](../assets/images/peeps2.jpeg) is a sweetheart [Cavachon](http://dogs.lovetoknow.com/wiki/Cavachon)
 - [Stevie](../assets/images/stevie.jpg) is our blind cat who terrorizes the dogs
 - [Calvin](../assets/images/calvin.jpg) is a very easily frightened Cockatiel
 - [Charlotte](../assets/images/charlotte.jpg) is a ferocious Parakeet
 - [Kiva](../assets/images/kiva.jpg) is a [Green Cheek Conure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green-cheeked_parakeet) who now rules my mother's house
 - Too many fish and shrimp to count

[Here are all the mammals together](../assets/images/family.jpeg)

Hobbies
-----------
I enjoy mountain biking, racquetball & handball, and writing about Linux & Bash minutiae.
