---
layout: about
date: 2016-04-26 22:00
title:  "About"
category: 
tags: 
redirect_from:
  - /about.html
permalink: /:title
---

Professional
------------
I have had many titles, but currently I work as a **Systems Engineer** at [Corporation Services Company](https://www.cscglobal.com/service/cls/real-estate-recording-services), who manages Real Estate transactions for 90% of the Fortune 500.

Blog
----
This is a personal blog that I mostly just use as a reference for myself. I try to write about things I would want to read. If it ever sounds like I know what I am talking about, I don't. I am always happy to hear about any ways I could improve my posts.

Personal
--------
I live in Tallahassee, FL with my girlfriend and our two dogs, [Swiffer](https://grayson.sh/assets/images/swiffer.jpg) and [Peeps](https://grayson.sh/assets/images/peeps.JPG). I enjoy FPV Drone Racing, Mountain Biking, Photography, and Hiking.

Design Philosophy
-----------------
The [UNIX Philosophy](http://wiki.c2.com/?UnixDesignPhilosophy) mixed with [Specification by example](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Specification_by_example) like in the D3.js project. 

I spent a lot of time in the school basement with the UNIX admins, so I will always keep those ideals at heart.

Technologies that I like
------------------------
If you can't tell from my job title, web site name, email address, or the majority of my blog posts; I really love Linux and open-source.
 
Generally though, I use any tool that can efficiently complete my task:

**Platforms:** Linux, BSD, Red Hat Enterprise Linux

**Programming/Scripting:** Python, Bash, Perl, awk, sed

**Configuration Management:** Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Salt Stack

**Continuous Integration:** Jenkins, Vagrant

**Virtualization:** KVM, VMware(vSphere,NSX)

**Cloud:** OpenStack(Parts of), AWS(EC2,S3,EBS,ELB)

**Containers:** Docker, LXC, OpenVZ

**Storage:** ZFS, Ceph

**Monitoring/Graphing:** Splunk, ELK Stack, Grafana, Nagios

**Databases:** MariaDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite(Mainly for their testing suite), T-SQL

**Visualizations:** D3.js

**Tools:** Wireshark, Visio, GNS3, git, PuTTY, Regex, Vim(Or Emacs evil-mode, I guess), Veeam

What makes me different?
------------------------
I really enjoy things that a lot of people find boring like writing documentation, reading the manuals, writing test suites, diving into obscure low-level bugs, benchmarking, refactoring old code bases, etc.

I am also extremely critical of my own work and always trying to be better, although I am working on delegating more lately.

Contacting Me
-------------
If you just want to chat, please feel free to reach out to me by email or various social media sites in the sidebar! I am also using on #bash or /r/bash